shopkeeper
The location where Qin Chong and Night Ru finally disappeared
It's the KTV in Nancheng.
According to our investigation, the lady should still be there by now
Do you want to rescue?
Shen Tian is ruthless
Back then, in order to compete for the family property, he could serve his father and kill his brother
If confronted head-on
I'm afraid it will hurt Wanting
I'll go in and find out for myself
Bosses, please take a look.
It's really Ye Feng's precious daughter
I didn't expect that after the Ye family fell down
He even sold his daughter
This daughter of the Ye family is really meticulous and intolerable
I really want to pinch
With your high-ranking Miss Ye Family
Now hey
Bosses
You only paid for the viewing.
If you want to touch it, it's another price.
I heard that he married a brat named Shen Yan
Is that right?
It's all goose-to-goose.
I've checked it for you.
Never touched
Okay, I asked him to make a price.